docs: react to input with state (#1105)
deephaven/deephaven-plugins: plugins/ui/docs/managing-state/react-to-input-with-state.md

            ui.text(error) if show_error else None,
            on_submit=handle_submit,
        ),
    ]

form_example = form()
```

Imperatively manipulating the UI works for simple examples, but becomes increasingly difficult in complex systems. Imagine updating a page with multiple forms. Adding a new UI element or interaction would require meticulously checking all existing code to avoid bugs, such as forgetting to show or hide elements.

`deephaven.ui` addresses this issue.

In `deephaven.ui`, you do not manipulate the UI directly. Instead, you declare what you want to display, and `deephaven.ui` determines how to update the UI. It is like telling a taxi driver your destination instead of giving step-by-step directions. The driver knows the best route and possibly even shortcuts you had not considered.

## Think about UI declaratively

You’ve seen how to implement a form imperatively above. To better understand how to think declaratively, let's walk through reimplementing this UI using `deephaven.ui` below:

1. **Identify** your component’s different visual states
2. **Determine** what triggers those state changes

> 3. **Represent** the state in memory using useState

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Represent** the state in memory using `useState`.
```

Small nit is to put periods at ends of bullets.

Here are some questions to consider about your state variables:

- Does this state cause a paradox? For instance, `is_typing` and `is_submitting` cannot both be true simultaneously. This usually indicates that the state is not sufficiently constrained. With two booleans, there are four possible combinations, but only three represent valid states. To eliminate the "impossible" state, you can merge these into a single status with three possible values: `typing`, `submitting`, or `success`.
- Is the same information already available in another state variable? Another paradox: `is_empty` and `is_typing` cannot both be true at the same time. Keeping them as separate state variables risks them becoming unsynchronized and causing bugs. Instead, you can remove `is_empty` and check `len(answer) == 0`.
- Can you derive the same information from the inverse of another state variable? `is_error` is unnecessary because you can check `error != None` instead.

> After this clean-up, you’re left with 3 essential state variables, down from 7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After this clean-up, you’re left with three essential state variables, down from seven.
```
